fix: added Travis CI commands (#641)
openMF/mobile-wallet: README.md

`git checkout dev`
`git pull upstream dev`

## Travis CI

> <a href="https://travis-ci.com">Travis CI</a> is a hosted continuous integration service used to build and test software projects hosted at GitHub. We use Travis CI for continous integration and clean maintainence of code. All your prs must pass the CI build only then, it will be allowed to merge. Sometimes,when the build doesn't pass you can use these commands in your local terminal and check for the errors,</br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a href="https://travis-ci.com">Travis CI</a> is a hosted continuous integration service used to build and test software projects hosted at GitHub. We use Travis CI for continous integration and clean maintainence of code. All your Pull Requests must pass the CI build only then, it will be allowed to merge. Sometimes,when the build doesn't pass you can use these commands in your local terminal and check for the errors,</br>
```

> * `./gradlew check` quality checks on your project’s code using Checkstyle and generates reports from these checks.</br>

Reviewer: Post the commands of Windows as well.

Author: Sure
